Personal Information

Name: James Wilson

Address: 789 Pine Street, London, UK

Phone: +44 20 1234 5678

Email: jameswilson@example.com

Driving License: Full UK driving license

Work Experience

Sales Executive (3 years)

Company X, London, UK
Assisted in the development and implementation of marketing plans.
Provided competitive pricing on all completed prospect applications.
Maintained accurate records of all pricings.
Prepared action plans for effective search of sales leads and prospects.
Assisted in the preparation of proposals and presentations.
Maintained contact with all clients in the market area to ensure high levels of client satisfaction.
Adhered to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes of conduct.
Sales Manager (4 years)

Company Y, London, UK
Staffed and directed a sales team, providing leadership towards achieving maximum profitability and growth.
Developed business plans and sales strategies for the market.
Controlled expenses to meet budget guidelines.
Ensured that all Account Managers met or exceeded all activity standards for prospecting calls, appointments, presentations, proposals, and closes.
Conducted one-on-one reviews with all Account Managers to build more effective communications and understand their training and development needs.
Provided timely feedback to senior management regarding performance.
Recruited, tested, and hired Account Managers based on criteria agreed upon by senior management.
Demonstrated the ability to interact and cooperate with all company employees.
Set examples for Account Managers in areas of personal character, commitment, and work habits.
Conducted regular coaching and counselling with Account Managers to build motivation and selling skills.
Ensured adherence to all company policies, procedures, and business ethics codes within the team.
Created and conducted proposal presentations and RFP responses.
Proactively supported company compliance to Health and Safety legislation through adherence to company policies.
Ensured all business activities were conducted in line with company values.
Skills

Proven leadership and ability to drive sales teams.
Strong understanding of customer and market dynamics and requirements.
High level of interpersonal skills with a demonstrated ability to present ideas and influence others.
Experience with government communications sales.
Respect for others.
Driven to achieve goals.
Flexibility and adaptability.
Gently assertive.
Ability to lead effectively within an environment of ambiguity.
Willingness to travel and work in a global team of professionals.